DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Duel in the Desert!\"
JULIE: Where are they?
Where are they?
What is keeping them?
You're late!
Oh, you guys are like in sooo much trouble!
They're here...
It's about time!
Whoa...!
Whoa! We finally made it!
So we have, Daniel.
JULIE: Hey you guys!
Huh!
You don't know how glad I am to see you!
Welcome to...
the Bakugan Valley!
It's where I call home!
Gee, thanks...
That's enough, Julie!
Nice to see you too, Julie...
I smell cat fight...
I'm so glad you all could make it to my humble
corner of the world...
Especially you Dan!
It's so nice to meet you in the flesh!
PREYAS: She's gonna blow!
Listen up...
Our mission is to find where the Infinity Core is!
So...
Ready guys?
ALL: Yeah!
DAN: Let's do it!
Man...
This place is gi-normous!
And kinda creepy!
It's like it's almost alive!
This is where the Infinity Core lies.
What we seek, Daniel.
It's down there somewhere...
Right... Julie?
Yes!
And then, maybe we can get some alone time...
I've been waiting for this forever, Dan!
Isn't that right, Gorem?
Hey, something just rolled under my foot!
Oh, that's just my Bakugan Gorem.
Hello.
Hi...
Oh Gorem...
stop being...
such a little stinker...
Isn't he the cutest Bukugan ever?
And...
he's mine...
GOREM: I'm not overly comfortable with this situation, Julie...
My name is Gorem...
Hi... Go-rem...
JULIE: This is the Bakugan Valley,
but I guess you guys already knew that?
Anyway, the Infinity Core is here somewhere,
but I don't have a clue where it is!
Let's just hope we're goin' the right way.
The last thing I need is to get lost down here...
Hey, wait just one minute...
I think we should try this way, gang...
Oh great...
Einstein thinks she knows...
Hang on a sec, are you jealous, Runo?
Don't you dare flatter yourself!
Hey...
you better back off sister
if you know what's good for you...
He's mine, you got that?
Don't tell me what isn't mine!
You-you big flirt!
Oh! I'm a flirt? I am so not a flirt!
Oh, and by the way...
nice hair!
Whatever!
And let's face it, we're lost!
We need to get out of here!
BATS!
[screaming]
Wow!
This is amazing!
The lighting is perfect for make-up!
This is the place...
Drago!
[children gasping]
W-What's happening?
No clue!
This is too freaky!
Calm down, there's got to be a simple explanation...
Is this?
DRAGO: Yes...
Our dimension!
You sure?
Now what?
TIGRERRA: This is Haos...
where I was born.
But it's...
changed...
Where are we?
PREYAS: Welcome to Aqua-town...
But who re-arranged the furniture?
Gorem... what's going on here?
GOREM: Our world is morphing into evil...
Bizarre!
SKYRESS: Don't worry, Shun, you're safe.
We do not exist in this dimension...
We are merely observers here.
DAN: Okay Drago, fill me in on what's happening...
Our two worlds are colliding with each other
causing Vestroia to collapse.
For real?
It's all because that creep Naga, isn't it?
Ah!!
Could someone... explain?
No kiddin'!
Yeah...
I must admit, I'm totally stymied!
Vestroia!
DAN: Run!
This place is caving in!
C'mon guys, hurry!
[screaming]
ALICE: Get me out of here!
MARUCHO: That was too close for comfort!
DAN: You've got that right, Marucho!
There has got to be some kind of link
to this valley and Vestroia
and we've got to find out what that link is.
Could be a portal to the Bakugan world...
But how did it show us Vestroia?
And I guess Alice didn't see it
because she doesn't have a Bakugan.
What surprised me is the rate
at which Vestroia is being destroyed.
[sigh]
Hey, what'd ya think you're doing down there?
Who are those dudes?
What's the deal?
Billy!
What in the world are you doing here?
I wasn't aware this remote environment was inhabited?
Yeah!
These are my neighbors!
Billy's the blondie and that's Komba!
Hey Brawlers!
What'd ya doing way out here, snoopin' around?
Wait a sec...
You losers up for a little game?
Well, are you chumps?
It's the Doom Card!
You must be Masquerade's lackeys!
Why would you join up with that creep, Billy?
Because your friends here...
are wimps!
And we're gonna give 'em a lesson in Bakugan!
So, which one wants to lose first?
Why you little...
This one's mine...
Shun?
[laughing]
Billy!
Hey there!
JULIE: I used to like you once upon a time!
No, let's tag team!
Billy, you're about to face your worst nightmare!
Field Open!
The Bakugan Battle continues right after these messages!
Now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
You ready to play?
Bakugan Brawl!
Subterra Hynoid Stand!
'Kay... your turn!
That's if you got the guts!
Yeah chumps...
Let's see what you can do when you take on the best!
Okay...
now it's my turn !
No, Let me take care of him.
What?
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Falconeer Stand!
Bakugan Gate card Open!
Time to pluck that overgrown chicken!
Ability card Activate!
Desert Thunder!
BAKU-POD: Hynoid power to 460 G's.
[laughs] I'm running circles around you!
Ability card Activate!
Shadow Scratch!
BAKU-POD: Hynoid Gate Card has been nullified.
Calculating Counter Ability.
Reducing Hynoid power by 150 G's.
Shun's Ability Card virtually wiped out
Billy's power advantage!
PREYAS: Atta boy, Shun baby!
[loud roar]
This battle isn't over, Ninja freak!
Nice one...
That's why you're ranked sixth...
But not for long!
Bakugan Brawl!
El Condor Stand!
Ventus El Condor!
Now it's my turn!
Bakugan Brawl!
Tuskor Stand!
BAKU-POD: Brawlers lead by 10 G's.
Ability Card Activate!
Nose Slap!
[loud roar]
So here's the good news, you little squirt,
my Nose Slap Ability can battle against you
even if you don't open your Gate Card!
Ability...
Activate!
Blow Away!
Ah! Tuskor!
Too bad...
Your pet paki-derm is no match for my Blow Away Ability
'cause it neutralizes your lame Ability!
[screaming]
[roar]
Oh snap!
That kid's Bakugan has landed
on your Tuskor's Gate Card!
Gate Card Open!
BAKU-POD: Opponent Power gain 100 G's.
Tuskor!
Tough luck...
But that's what you get for playin' the best!
That's me!
Zip it!
Gate card set...
Bakugan Brawl!
Wormquake Stand!
C'mon Julie, your turn...
Let me...
Bakugan... Brawl!
Falconeer Stand!
BAKU-POD: Battle continues...
Time to blow you away!
Bakugan Brawl!
El Condor Stand!
BAKU-POD: Brawlers behind by 10 G's.
Gate Card... Open!
Character!
BAKU-POD: Assessing Brawler Power...
Power doubled.
Pretty smooth move, Shun...
But, you're useless little move won't last long...
Ability card Activate!
Solar Plexus!
KOMBA: Sorry, pal, but my Ability trumps yours big time!
BAKU-POD: Brawler Power reduction...
to 280 G's.
They even beat Shun's Falconeer!
What do we do now, Tigrerra?
Even I don't have the answer...
Hope you don't mind if I give you rookies
a little hint.
In the Bakugan big leagues,
you go up against big abilities!
Now let me give you a little hint...
This game is about strategy
and that you don't get.
[laughing]
It's time to put these clowns away, Komba...
Enough tough talk, Billy!
Let's battle!
Bakugan Brawl!
Rattleoid Stand!
[rattling]
Hope you're ready...
Bakugan... Brawl!
Cycloid Stand!
[growling]
BAKU-POD: Battle continues...
Oh, Cycloid see yummy Bakugan for lunch!
Enough!
Don't think I'm afraid of a one-eyed
overgrown freak of nature!
Gate Card Open!
Character!
BAKU-POD: Brawlers' Power doubles to 600 G's.
Ability Activate!
Left Gigante!
Ahhh!
Oh no, I forgot about that move!
BAKU-POD: Left Gigante negates Character.
I'm the Subterra master,
and girl and you're going down!
It's hammer time, Cycloid!
Rattleoid!
[crying]
Julie...
KOMBA: Man, that was a total snooze-fest...
Rumor had it that you were good.
Sometimes rumors are true...
Oh really?
Well, if you're so tough Ninja boy,
let's see you back it up!
Shut your yap!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Monarus Stand!
Bakugan Brawl!
El Condor Stand!
Julie...
Dry your tears.
Don't worry, I shall end your sadness.
Thanks Gorem... thanks a lot...
You're a sweetie...
Let's do it.
Bakugan... Brawl!
Gorem Stand!
Gate card Op-en!
BAKU-POD: New field.
Battle!
Alrightttt!
-Yaaa! -Sweet!
Hold on!
The Gate Card!
Gorem!
He's not safe!
Get out of there!
What?
W-What's happening?
Noooo!
Oh yeah!
I love this game!
That's frozen quicksand!
When a Bakugan lands on that specific Gate Card,
it gets swallowed up by quicksand.
BILLY: Looks like your useless Bakugan
is up to his armpits in trouble!
It's like I told you...
I'm the Subterra master and I dominate earth!
Bakugan Brawl!
Cycloid Stand!
We've got to do something!
[laughs]
Adios Gorem!
Ability card Activate!
Scarlet Twister!
No! This can't be happening!
BAKU-POD: Gorem has returned to his card safely.
Thanks.
I owe you one.
Shun!
You sacrificed Monarus!
KOMBA: Whoa! That was stupid!
Gate card set!
What a total waste of a Bakugan...
Bakugan... Brawl!
Bee Striker Stand!
Ventus Bee Striker!
Now for my Triple Chain Wind move.
JULIE: Bakugan Brawl!
No way am I falling for that again!
Go Gorem!
I wouldn't bet on it!
Card Gate Open!
I'll take that bet, Komba and raise you!
Ability Card Activate!
Magma Prominence!
My Ability lets me change the Card's Attribute
to Earth!
BAKU-POD: Brawlers' Power Increase to 480 G's.
You're kidding?
Whoa...
GOREM: You don't control the Earth Element.
You feed off of it.
Yay!
Oh yeah?
Alright Skyress, let's lock n' load.
Bakugan Brawl!
Skyress Stand!
[shrill cry]
BAKU-POD: Battle continues...
Sneak attack, huh?
Gate Card Open!
Quartet Battle Activate!
Go Harpus!
I'm Harpus!
So...
It's looks like it's me against you sister.
Or should I call you grandma?
Why you insolent little...
Ability Activate!
Feather Storm!
This is going to blow you away, honey!
Show some respect, Harpus!
Gorem!
Oh oh!
SHUN: Ability Activate!
Green Nobility, Soar Violent Wind!
I think I'm in trouble!
[loud scream]
Go get 'em... Gorem!
Alright!
DRAGO: There's only Cycloid to defeat!
And I'll take care of him!
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Say good-bye to your Cycloid, Billy!
Aaaah!
This isn't over yet!
Ability Activate!
Right Gigante!
Cycloid's power is draining!
BAKU-POD: Cycloid power level erractic...
[loud grunting]
Let him have your Mega Impact Move, Gorem!
Yes! Yes! Yesss!
You did it, Gorem!
JULIE: Wow! That was fun!
And thanks for coming around to your old self!
Get off your high horse!
You just got lucky is all!
But Billy?
You just wait...
Your Bakugan are mine annnnnnd...
don't you forget it!
Yeah!
And don't think we can't back it up either!
See ya in the Doom Dimension!
Billy! Wait!
No Billy...
Billy...
It can't end this way...
[crying]
Hi, Dan here.
And coming up on Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
we fuel up for a little Bakugan Battle action.
It's like mom always says,
'Never play on an empty stomach!'
But forget food...
it looks like one of the Brawlers might be a spy!
But who?
Oh, and that's Chan Lee.
Ranked number three in the world.
Could she be the spy?
Or is it one of our Bakugan?
The battle heats up, especially when Runo wants
to challenge me!
So don't forget to check out the next
Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
See ya there!